1.美图AI Lab
Meitu AI Lab

Devops 工程师
DevOps Enginer

2015-2017

1.运用k8s管理价值300万的GPU集群，通过容器编排技术合理利用资源，减少了30%的资源浪费。
Managed $600K GPU HPC Cluster with kubernetes ,saving 30% compute resources.

2.使用Ceph搭建存储容量300TB的分布式集群，承载美图实验室的所有图片和影像，通过NAS为k8s计算集群提供数据，平均带宽1GB/s
Set up Ceph Cluster to storage 300TB  images and video ,used by kubernetes cluster to training deep learning model with 1GB/s average bandwidth

3.使用python搭建内部的Iaas平台，让实验室的100名算法工程师，合理的申请机器来训练算法，缩短20%的训练时间。
Developed an applicationed ,allowing  100 algorithm engeineers to apply GPU docker for training model with python and flask

4.编写tensorflow的yaml文件，利用k8s来跑分布式训练
Design tensorflow yaml to run distriubed training on kubernetes.


2.启尚科技有限公司
Qishon

devops 负责人
DevOps Manager

2017-2018

1.管理20台linux服务器，为基于spring cloud 的微服务提供kubernete 集群，快一年以来，集群都很健康。
Deployed and Orchestrated the spring cloud application with kubernetes on 20 Linux servers, devided kubernetes cluster into three environments.

2.搭建Gitlab，配置CICD pipeline为开发人员加速开发，平均构建时间从20分钟变为3分钟，为公司节省了招聘运维人员的开销。
Customized gitlab-ci pipeline for continusous integration and continuous deployment by docker in docker .Cut build times by 70% for microservice.

3.配置企业级的镜像仓库Harbor，将产品全部容器化，产品打包成helm包。
Dockerrized  all the services and applications and set up harbor to keep docker images.

4.搭建JIRA+Confluence，熟悉JIRA+Confluence的热卖插件的安装和使用，利用敏捷开发管理大型项目。
Set up JIRA and Confluence, developed and maintained JIRA for agile developments.

5.搭建内网DNS系统和 利用k8s的网关traefix技术，实现了每个服务都自动分配内网域名，提升开发效率5%。
Set up DNS for the intranet with CoreDns ,and provided domain name for every services based on traefix and kubernetes

6.搭建EFK日志收集系统，让开发人员可以快速的排错。
Monitoring cluster health with grafana and prometheus ,collecting and analyze logs from kubernetes using EFK

7.构建Prometheus+ grafana 的分布式监控平台，监控k8s集群的健康
Build Large Distributed Mornitoring cluster to keep kubernetes cluster high available
Summary

	Versatile DevOps manager with 3 years of experience. Seeking to leverage proven continuous deployment skills to raise quality. Cut customer complaints by 20% for an ERP application. At Qishon Inc., used gitlab and kubernetes tools to slash release times by 50%. Boosted customer satisfaction by 25%.

Experience

	Meitu AI Lab
	DevOps Enginer
	2015-2017

	1.Managed $600K GPU HPC Cluster with Kubernetes, saving 30% compute resources.
	2.Set up Ceph Cluster to storage 300TB images and video, used by Kubernetes Cluster to training deep learning model with 1GB/s average bandwidth.
	3.Developed an Applicationed, allowing 100+ algorithm engeineers to apply GPU docker for training model with Python and Flask.
	4.Design tensorflow yaml to run distriubed training on kubernetes.

	Qishon Inc
	DevOps Manager
	2017-2018

	1.Led DevOps team of 5 SysAdmin to developed and Maintained multiple tools to automate Daily jobs.
	1.Customized Gitlab-ci pipeline for continusous integration and continuous deployment by docker in docker, Cut build times by 50% for microservice.
	2.Dockerrized  all the services and applications and set up harbor to keep docker images.
	3.Set up JIRA and Confluence, developed and maintained JIRA for agile developments.
	4.Set up DNS for the intranet with CoreDns ,and provided domain name for every services based on traefix and kubernetes.
	5.Monitoring cluster health with grafana and prometheus ,collecting and analyze logs from kubernetes using EFK.

Skills:
	Linux
	AWS
	Shell Scripting
	Docker
	Kubernetes
	Nginx
	JIRA & Confluence
	Ceph
	Gitlab
	EFK
	Prometheus & grafana
	Nextcloud
	